Add mpv2 to crowdstrike packs (not deprecated ones) (#37580)
demisto/content: Packs/CrowdStrikeFalconSandbox/README.md

CrowdStrike Falcon Sandbox is an automated malware analysis solution that empowers security teams by overlaying comprehensive threat intelligence with the results of the world's most powerful sandbox solution.

> This pack is uses a fully automated malware analysis using Hybrid Analysis API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pack is a fully automated malware analysis solution using the Hybrid Analysis API.
```
